website: document password hash import restrictions (#24235)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/releases/2026/v2026.8.md

printf '%s\n' "$PASSWORD" | docker compose run --rm -T server hash_password
```

> Imported password hashes must use `pbkdf2_sha256`, `bcrypt_sha256`, `scrypt`, or `argon2` with authentik's current work parameters and sufficient salt entropy. This applies to `AUTHENTIK_BOOTSTRAP_PASSWORD_HASH`, blueprint `password_hash` values, and the `/api/v3/core/users/<id>/set_password_hash/` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imported password hashes must use `pbkdf2_sha256`, `bcrypt_sha256`, `scrypt`, or `argon2`. The configured work factors and salt entropy must meet authentik's current security requirements.

This applies to `AUTHENTIK_BOOTSTRAP_PASSWORD_HASH`, blueprint `password_hash` values, and the `/api/v3/core/users/<id>/set_password_hash/` endpoint.
```

In terms of work factors and salt entropy, do we have anything to link to?
